Problem
In present time, addressing the waste and shifting to environmental sustainability has become a major topic and challenging as well.
One of the more pressing challenges in addressing waste and shifting to a more circular economy is the increasing complexity of the products. In an attempt to make them more advanced, their recovery and reuse gets neglected and thus they become more challenging for the environment. We should try to the best of our ability to increase the reuse of materials that is, we should promote recycling. Only then we can promote responsible production and green consumption.
•	When electronics are mishandled during disposal, these chemicals end up in our soil, water, and air.
•	Year after year the garbage would continue to pile up. This would eventually lead to more landfills popping up near our homes.
•	The most visible and disturbing impacts of marine plastics are the ingestion, suffocation and entanglement of hundreds of marine species.
•	When paper rots, it emits methane gas which is 25 times more toxic than CO2.
Increasing recycling is the only way to go if we want to minimize our effect on the environment. An increase would be a tremendous help to reduce the greenhouse effect. Increasing recycling is not rocket science. We know how to do it, we just have to decide to go through with it. The benefits from recycling are very clear, with more recycling we stand to gain economic and environmental benefits that’s easy to measure.
Recycling reduces the amount of waste sent to landfills, conserves      natural resources, and saves energy, thereby reducing greenhouse-gas emissions.

Solution
We propose creating a transparent and trustworthy platform for trading resources and knowledge as well as providing access to a community of experts. The approach of this web app “GREEN TRASH” is to automate and extend the rate of recycling procedure with tech-support and to establish a connection among the people and organizations dealing in waste-to-product conversion. The residents will be able to know about various recycling techniques and waste collection points near their locality where they can sell and buy recyclable materials. In turn they can make some money with the waste they are going to sell.
This app includes a domain of users where they can get themselves registered. Choose whether they want to buy or sell the waste. Select its type and know about the various organizations or collection points concerned with that type of waste. The waste type and its reusability is finally analyzed and the selling or purchase gets confirmed if the waste is worth selling and vice versa. Further with help of transportation the waste is reached to its destination and then converted to reusable material.
This app will help us recycle things more easily and in a proper way which leads to environmental sustainability. ‘GREEN TRASH’ can prove to be a great tool for the residents as well as the dealers.
This platform would also provide residents the information about recycling, recyclable products and will keep you updated with the latest information around. 
